many times have you been nominated for
an Emmy for this role like for and
you've not won I know is this annoying
to you well I got into acting for the
same reason Olivier 'td for the award
for the award I'm not just to get
nominated I want to win it's right it's
disappointment I'm combat I want to sue
somebody but I don't know who to sue but
you know when I thought Jimmy I need to
make a feature film that's about
somebody from history who's really
important yes really important yes you
got to give that guy the award right
right right
so I found this character whose work you
will all be familiar with uh-huh and I
went to the studios and I said let me
play this guy I'm gonna bring him to
life I'm gonna give him heart I'm gonna
give him courage you're gonna love him
and they said are you kidding me we love
you you're awesome here's money just go
make adjust and because it's so easy
it's so easy to get movies made and and
we made it we made it but you got the
world premiere of the trailer here or
the trail the answer is for
[Applause]
[Music]
madmen we've intercepted some encrypted
messages indicating that a Russian
nuclear attack is imminent we need you
to crack these codes I'll do my best sir
you need to do better than that
in 24 hours life as we know it will end
[Music]
damnit
please tell me you've cracked the code
even better sir
look five three one eight zero zero
eight what does it mean look again
[Music]
boobies boobies honk honk
we need to share this with the world sir
if you turn the calculator upside down
boobies
[Applause]
fasten your brassieres ladies and gents
the world has caught boobies fever
people everywhere delight in Reginald
madman brilliant prick through that has
turned the world and your calculator
upside down just ask Russian for me and
Nikita Khrushchev I now believe that
Russia and America can peacefully
coexist just like a pair of boobies
excuse me mister not me will you sign my
calculator
of course
[Music]
Natick time's up
have you cracked the code
[Music]
even better sir turn the calculator
upside down
honk
worthless
[Music]
[Applause]
Bob Odenkirk everyone better go so if
you liked that video click to subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies